Add option to enable proxy header (#8675)
Scille/parsec-cloud: newsfragments/8626.feature.rst

> Add server option ``--proxy-trusted-addresses`` to enabled parsing of proxy headers from trusted addresses.
> By default, the server will trust the proxy headers from localhost
> 
> .. tip::
>   You can also configure the trusted addresses using the environment variable ``PARSEC_PROXY_TRUSTED_ADDRESSES``.

Reviewer: I reiterate my previous outdated comment:

We should still stick to one-liner without fancy formatting, as it is the case for [almost all changelog entries](https://github.com/Scille/parsec-cloud/blob/master/HISTORY.rst?rgh-link-date=2024-10-09T10%3A09%3A28Z). If more detail is needed, it should be added to the issue referenced by the news fragment (https://github.com/Scille/parsec-cloud/issues/8626) which will be displayed in the changelog.

```suggestion
Add server option ``--proxy-trusted-addresses`` to enable parsing of proxy headers from trusted addresses. By default, the server will trust the proxy headers from localhost
```

> Add server option ``--proxy-trusted-addresses`` to enabled parsing of proxy headers from trusted addresses.
> 
> .. important::
>   Breaking change: Previous the server used the default value provided by ``uvicorn`` which always enabled the proxy header for localhost proxy.
>   If you want to have the same behavior as before, you need to set the ``--proxy-trusted-addresses`` to ``localhost,127.0.0.1,::1``.
> 
> .. tip::
>   The env variable ``PARSEC_PROXY_TRUSTED_ADDRESSES`` instead of the option.

Reviewer: Better avoid fancy formatting and stick to oneliners for changelog (see below)
```suggestion
Add server option ``--proxy-trusted-addresses`` to enable parsing of proxy headers from trusted addresses.
```

Author: I'd like to have the migration steps in the changelog

Author: outdated
